chore!: improve markdown description generation (#28)
orange-cloudavenue/terraform-plugin-framework-superschema: .changelog/28.txt

```release-note:breaking-change

> Improve markdown generation for the resource. Now the `default` description is placed before the `validators` descriptions. And now the `(ForceNew)` is colored in red (Force new is generated by the hasicorp plan modifier `RequiresReplace`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Improves markdown generation for the resource. Now the `default` description is placed before the `validators` descriptions. And now the `(ForceNew)` is colored red (Force new is generated by the hasicorp plan modifier `RequiresReplace`).
```
